README.md, before:

Uploaded self made Matlab projects & their applications-
1)for_percen.m : As a graduation student we need our final percentage for many purposes, but we dont have as only CGPA is mentioned on our result, so this mini code based project will convert your CGPA into percentage.
2)fuel_cost2.m : Sometimes we wanted to know how much Rs. of fuel will be required to fulfill our journey, so this code based mini project will give you exact value of fuel cost needed based on your input.
3)fuel_cost.m : Purpose of this mini project is same as above i.e 2) but this is function based project to get output faster than above.
4)range_cal.m : Many cars still dont give exact range estimation in available fuel, they only shows bars, so this code based mini project will give you range estimation of your vehicles in nos based on your input.
5)solar_guide.m : To get values for i/p & o/p power, fill factor & cell efficiency of installed PV/solar cell modules from available data.

Thanks & regards,
Viraj Latake

Commit message:

Update README to include Simulink projects
Added a new Simulink simulation project and application.

README.md, after:

Uploaded self made Matlab projects & their applications-
1)for_percen.m : As a graduation student we need our final percentage for many purposes, but we dont have as only CGPA is mentioned on our result, so this mini code based project will convert your CGPA into percentage.
2)fuel_cost2.m : Sometimes we wanted to know how much Rs. of fuel will be required to fulfill our journey, so this code based mini project will give you exact value of fuel cost needed based on your input.
3)fuel_cost.m : Purpose of this mini project is same as above i.e 2) but this is function based project to get output faster than above.
4)range_cal.m : Many cars still dont give exact range estimation in available fuel, they only shows bars, so this code based mini project will give you range estimation of your vehicles in nos based on your input.
5)solar_guide.m : To get values for i/p & o/p power, fill factor & cell efficiency of installed PV/solar cell modules from available data.

Simulink simulation & application-
6)pv_guide.slx : To get o/p power, fill factor & efficiency of installed PV/solar cell modules from available data.

Thanks & regards,
Viraj Latake
